README.md, before:

# create-nexter

> A modern, extensible CLI to scaffold Next.js applications with a clean architecture and optional Tailwind CSS integration.

[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/create-nexter.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/create-nexter)
[![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](LICENSE)

---

## Introduction

**`create-nexter`** is a zero-config CLI tool that helps you kickstart modern [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) apps with an opinionated project structure.  
It integrates best practices for scalability, developer experience, and clean code — with optional [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) setup.

Designed for frontend developers and teams who want consistency and speed when starting new projects.

---

## Features

- ✅ Next.js 15.x scaffold
- ⚡ TypeScript or JavaScript support
- 🎨 Tailwind CSS 3.3.2 optional integration
- 🧱 Clean architecture: `src/`, `pages/`, `components/`, etc.
- 🧑‍🎨 Custom starter templates
- 🖥️ Styled CLI interface
- 🧩 Ready to extend in future versions (layouts, routing presets, etc.)

---

## Getting Started

To scaffold a new project, run:

```bash
npx create-nexter my-app
```

Follow the interactive prompts to choose:

JavaScript or TypeScript

With or without Tailwind CSS

Once complete, your project will be ready to start:
```bash
cd my-app
npm run dev
```

Commit message:

chore: add ESlint config and CI lint workflow

README.md, after:

# create-nexter

> A modern and extensible CLI to scaffold your Next.js projects with a clean, scalable architecture.


[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/create-nexter.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/create-nexter)
[![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](LICENSE)

[![CI Status](https://github.com/msz-tech/create-nexter/actions/workflows/lint.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/msz-tech/create-nexter/actions/workflows/lint.yml)



---

## Introduction

**`create-nexter`** is a zero-config CLI tool that helps you kickstart modern [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) apps with an opinionated project structure.  
It integrates best practices for scalability, developer experience, and clean code — with optional [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) setup.

Designed for frontend developers and teams who want consistency and speed when starting new projects.

---

## 🚀 Features

- Interactive CLI with project language selection (JS/TS)
- Uses `create-next-app` under the hood
- Clean project setup with future support for custom architecture and Tailwind CSS
- Designed for developers, scalable for teams



## Getting Started

To scaffold a new project, run:

```bash
npx create-nexter my-app
```

Follow the interactive prompts.

Once complete, your project will be ready to start:
```bash
cd my-app
npm run dev
```
## 🛠 Tech Stack
Node.js (ESM)

- prompts for interactive input

- create-next-app for project generation (Next.js 15+)

- Future integrations: Tailwind CSS, ESLint, CI/CD, templates...
